Israel is maintaining its Relentless
bombing of Gaza overnight homes and
schools have been under repeated attack
meanwhile hamas's political leader says
they're close to reaching a truce
agreement in the north of the strip no
let up Israel's overnight air strikes
targeted a residential neighborhood with
more than eight homes on Kamal adan's
Hospital Street there are reports of
dozens of people killed or
wounded at least 20 Palestinians have
been killed by air strikes on two homes
in nsat refugee camp in central Gaza
several Palestinians were killed on
Monday including children during
Israel's bombardment of the strip this
includes the deaths of at least 13
people in an Israeli strike on a un run
School in central
Gaza taraba AUM is in KH Yunis in the
southern part of Gaza joins us now live
from there so first of all t we're
talking about an extremely intense wave
of Israeli strikes and raids take us
through the
aftermath yes Samy the Israeli attacks
during the last couple of hours across
the Gaza Strip had intensified ridly the
main concentration of these air strikes
were directed towards the North and the
South of the Gaza Strip in the sou in
the the south of the Gaza Strip two
residential homes and onat refugee camps
had been widely hit claiming the lives
of around 20 Palestinians with the
numers of people also who have been wed
the Relentless strikes continued in the
north of the Gaza Strip in particular in
two areas including jabalia refugee camp
where three residential houses have been
flattened by the Israeli occupation
forces also during the last hour uh nine
residential buildings in B Laha town in
the North and the north of Gaza Strip
had been targeted by the Israeli
occupation forces these Relentless
strikes across the territory had been
intens ified Amed growing possibilities
of reaching a ceasefire between
Palestinian Fighters and the Israeli
occupation
forces all right and how is news being
received there about the possibility of
a a deal being within
sight yes uh the uh after the uh
statement that had been released by
different officials in the milit in the
political uh Buu belong to Hamas
movement uh gaza's trip uh they have
announced that they are getting much
more closer to reach a truce between
between Hamas and the uh Israeli uh
government in terms of releasing H civil
hostages from the uh Gaza Strip uh the
Seas fire talks about releasing 50
hostages from uh the uh captured in Gaza
Strip and uh also Israel from its side
in return released different uh number
of children and women uh but the
possibility also has been not been
confirmed while the uh the occupation
forces till now are on the ground and
even it did not even include the
possibility of the withdrawal of the
Israeli surveillance drone drones from
the sky of the Gaza Strip also the
withdrawal of the maneuvering troops on
the ground till now different Regional
uh mediators have been doing their best
in order to reach a Seas fire including
Qatar and Egypt in order to to release
captives from the territory and allow
for the flow of fuel and even
humanitarian Aid to the Gaza STP
and we've got a situation developing
around the Indonesian Hospital
Palestinians saying it's surrounded by
Israel forces what are you hearing about
that yes uh absolutely different videos
have been released showing the Israeli
military tanks are stationed just few
meters away from the Indonesian hospital
where they have opened fire against
different buildings inside this Hospital
besides the targeting of different
Departments of this medical complex
claiming the lives of 12 Palestinians
with the numbers also have been warded
including medical workers till now the
hospital has been uh trapped to where
snipers have been stationed and deployed
in separate separate buildings
surrounding the vicinity of the hospital
where medical workers displaced people
and even wounded people inside this
medical complex have been not allowed to
be evacuated till now and did not have
been afforded with a safe passage out to
the south of the Gaza Strip meanwhile uh
wounded people inside this Hospital are
are suffering from critical wounds and
they are in urgent need for medical
intervention and the ongoing shortage of
medical supplies and the prevention of
delivering those wounded people to the
southern areas to complete their
treatment in the South as the Relentless
strikes it had been intensified during
the last couple of days on the north of
the Gaza STP in particular all right
we'll leave it there thanks so
much